the true mark of a footballer isn't the
moves he pulls off in training it's the
luxury sports car he uses to get there
every day so ladies and gentlemen start
your engines buckle up put it in
overdrive for the pedal to the metal
burn some rubber and metaphorically
perform every other driving cliche as we
cruise down the highway of kick TVs top
five footballer car collections let's
get the wheels turning with number five
on our list as Latin ibrahimovic the
powerful Swede might go hunting in
swimming for Volvo but he puts his
fifteen million euro annual salary
towards maintaining an edible collection
of four wheeled beauties over the years
the PSD stars owned a Maserati
GranTurismo a jet-black Ferrari 360
spider a Porsche Carrera GT and a very
tasty LD rs6 the jewel in the collection
though is probably his Ferrari Enzo the
f1 inspired mid-engine v12 beast doesn't
come much cheaper than 1 million euros
and it's notable for having a very
exaggerated nose a bit like Ibrahim Jill
alright let's pile that one and
accelerate straight into number four
Djibril cissé
as you can tell from this pervasive
collection of tattoos and the wardrobe
that looks like it was stolen from a
pimp in a Judge Dredd movie the full
moon is full and current verse dear
striker likes to stand out his
calculation with Lexus extroverted
personality as he's owned the key to a
heavily customised fleet of American
vehicles that are completely unsuitable
for Europe including a Dodge Ram truck
SRT Edition a Ford Mustang GT Shelby a
Hummer and a dark looking Plymouth
Prowler
Cisse was even on an episode of pimp my
ride where he had a crappy old Dodge van
transformed into the old Dodge van with
a terrible paint job number 3 is a man
who generally prefers overseas caching
fireworks and flares than stocks and
shares but mario balotelli
also has an eye for a fast car while in
England the Italian striker drove a
Maserati GranTurismo Stradale a white
Ferrari f450 and a Bentley Continental
Super Sport they famously wrapped in
camouflage paint which gave the opposite
effect of camouflage paint because
everybody noticed it in his homeland
he's wrong too matte black Audi r8 the
v10 version of course and a Ferrari 4/5
a spider but his best car is almost
certainly the Ferrari f12berlinetta he
currently moves around the land the
stunning 6.3 liter v12 can cook up 730
horses and will hit 60 miles an hour in
three
in one second try catching that on the
autostrada italian paparazzo let's read
on to number two now you'll be shocked
when this man likes to show off with a
decent motor it's the shine retiring
Cristiano Ronaldo the Portuguese soup
stars own several Bentley GT s AG
Maserati Gran Cabrio a Ferrari 599 GTB
that he wrote off in a tunnel in
Manchester a Bugatti Veyron and Aston
Martin db9 and zillions of Audi's that
have been given to him by Real Madrid
who are the automotive sponsor of the
club but the coolest whip in his
collection that'll be his matte black
Lamborghini Aventador LP 700-4
that has a six point five liter v12 that
hit 60 miles an hour in under three
seconds just look at this thing he looks
like Batman cruising around the streets
of Madrid maybe he is Batman Iberian
Batman and that leads us to our number
one footballer car connoisseur is
Chelsea stopgap striker Samuel ette oh
the Cameroonian has a reputation of
being exceptionally greedy sorry I mean
exceptionally wealthy and he was the
world's highest player an antimatter
color according to the Daily Mail he
invested a good chunk of those wages in
a garage worth four million pounds Etta
has a 2.5 million dollar Bugatti Veyron
a luxurious Maybach Zenit a coupe a a
rare Aston Martin v12 Zagato and the
best car adheres on any footballers
possession and Aston Martin one-77
just look at it water Bobby Dazzler it
kind of makes me cry a little bit cuz
I'm just so proud to be British when I
see her beautiful since only 77 were
made these things are rarer than unicorn
poop and pretty darn expensive to buy
okay put in neutral handbrake on engine
off we are done so for the day which
amazing footballer motors did we miss
out let us know in the comments below
hit subscribe for more great internet
from kick TV